README.md, before:

#### BLOCKCHAIN
Distributed database that maintains a continuously-growing list of ordered records called blocks

[Building the minimum viable block chain:](https://www.igvita.com/2014/05/05/minimum-viable-block-chain/)

[How the Bitcoin protocol actually works](http://www.michaelnielsen.org/ddi/how-the-bitcoin-protocol-actually-works/)

[Bitcoin in full node](https://bitcoin.org/en/full-node)

[the original blockchain article:](http://szabo.best.vwh.net/securetitle.html)

[Eli5](https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/4yp5q1/could_you_please_eli5_the_blockchain_technology/)

[Ethereum is Doomed](http://nakamotoinstitute.org/mempool/ethereum-is-doomed/)

[Stackexchange: how the bitcoin blockchain works: ](http://bitcoin.stackexchange.com/questions/12427/can-someone-explain-how-the-bitcoin-blockchain-works)
[BTC101](https://viruliant.github.io/BTC-101/)
[mastering bitcoin](https://github.com/bitcoinbook/bitcoinbook)


[How Bitcoin Works Under the Hood (video):](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lx9zgZCMqXE&feature=youtu.be)

[HN discussion](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=12571287)


27 Big Industries Where Blockchain Could Be Used
------

+ Banking -  [Thought machine](https://www.thoughtmachine.net/):Vault OS 
+ Payments and money transfers - Abra
+ Cybersecurity - Guardtime
+ Authenticating educational documents - [Holberton](http://www.marketwired.com/press-release/holberton-school-authenticate-its-academic-certificates-with-bitcoin-blockchain-2065768.htm), [Bitproof](https://bitproof.io/)
+ Voting - Follow my vote
+ Car leasing and sales - Visa/DocuSign
+ Networking and IoT - CoinDesk
+ Forecasting - Augur 
+ Online music - PeerTracks, Mycelia, Ujo music
+ Ride sharing -  La’Zooz
+ Stock trading - Chain
+ Real estate - Ubitquity 
+ Insurance - Stratumn, Lemonway
+ Healthcare - [Gem](https://gem.co/), [Thierion](https://tierion.com/), [MedRec](https://www.media.mit.edu/research/groups/1454/medrec), [Philips](http://www.2.forms.healthcare.philips.com/blockchainlabs)
+ Supply Chain Management, Contracts  - [Provenance](https://www.provenance.org/), [Fluent](https://www.netspective.com/fluent/), [Skuchain](https://www.skuchain.com/)
+ Cloud storage - [Storj](https://storj.io/)
+ Energy management - [Transactive Grid](http://transactivegrid.net/)
+ Sports management - [Jet coins](https://jetcoininstitute.com/)
+ Gift cards and loyalty programs
+ Government and public benefits  - [GovCoins](http://discholdings.com/) 
+ Gun tracking
+ Wills ad inheritances
+ Retail
+ Charity - [BitGive Foundation](http://bitgivefoundation.org/)
+ Law Enforcement
+ Human Resources
+ Ride Hailing - [Arcade city](https://arcade.city/)

Commit message:

more resources
https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=16107597
https://www.reddit.com/r/BlockChain/comments/8kee4x/specialized_chips_are_threatening_to_take_over/

README.md, after:

#### BLOCKCHAIN
Distributed database that maintains a continuously-growing list of ordered records called blocks

[Building the minimum viable block chain](https://www.igvita.com/2014/05/05/minimum-viable-block-chain/)

[Building for the blockchain](https://blog.ycombinator.com/building-for-the-blockchain/)

[How the Bitcoin protocol actually works](http://www.michaelnielsen.org/ddi/how-the-bitcoin-protocol-actually-works/)

[Bitcoin in full node](https://bitcoin.org/en/full-node)

[the original blockchain article:](http://szabo.best.vwh.net/securetitle.html)

[Eli5](https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/4yp5q1/could_you_please_eli5_the_blockchain_technology/)

[Ethereum is Doomed](http://nakamotoinstitute.org/mempool/ethereum-is-doomed/)

[Stackexchange: how the bitcoin blockchain works: ](http://bitcoin.stackexchange.com/questions/12427/can-someone-explain-how-the-bitcoin-blockchain-works)
[BTC101](https://viruliant.github.io/BTC-101/)
[mastering bitcoin](https://github.com/bitcoinbook/bitcoinbook)


[How Bitcoin Works Under the Hood (video):](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lx9zgZCMqXE&feature=youtu.be)

[HN discussion](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=12571287)


27 Big Industries Where Blockchain Could Be Used
------

+ Banking -  [Thought machine](https://www.thoughtmachine.net/):Vault OS 
+ Payments and money transfers - Abra
+ Cybersecurity - Guardtime
+ Authenticating educational documents - [Holberton](http://www.marketwired.com/press-release/holberton-school-authenticate-its-academic-certificates-with-bitcoin-blockchain-2065768.htm), [Bitproof](https://bitproof.io/)
+ Voting - Follow my vote
+ Car leasing and sales - Visa/DocuSign
+ Networking and IoT - CoinDesk
+ Forecasting - Augur 
+ Online music - PeerTracks, Mycelia, Ujo music
+ Ride sharing -  La’Zooz
+ Stock trading - Chain
+ Real estate - Ubitquity 
+ Insurance - Stratumn, Lemonway
+ Healthcare - [Gem](https://gem.co/), [Thierion](https://tierion.com/), [MedRec](https://www.media.mit.edu/research/groups/1454/medrec), [Philips](http://www.2.forms.healthcare.philips.com/blockchainlabs)
+ Supply Chain Management, Contracts  - [Provenance](https://www.provenance.org/), [Fluent](https://www.netspective.com/fluent/), [Skuchain](https://www.skuchain.com/)
+ Cloud storage - [Storj](https://storj.io/)
+ Energy management - [Transactive Grid](http://transactivegrid.net/)
+ Sports management - [Jet coins](https://jetcoininstitute.com/)
+ Gift cards and loyalty programs
+ Government and public benefits  - [GovCoins](http://discholdings.com/) 
+ Gun tracking
+ Wills ad inheritances
+ Retail
+ Charity - [BitGive Foundation](http://bitgivefoundation.org/)
+ Law Enforcement
+ Human Resources
+ Ride Hailing - [Arcade city](https://arcade.city/)


[Sia, Blockchain-based file storage](https://sia.tech/)
[Bitmain, ASIC miner](https://www.bitmain.com)
